{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From experiments on the breakup of non-Newtonian shear-thinning gel (aqueous polymer solutions) sheets and ligaments into droplets via the impinging jet configuration, several key results and insights are identified on the effects of variation in gellant concentration on sheet breakup and atomization. Gellant concentrations studied are 0.10 wt.\\%, 0.20 wt.\\% and 0.30 wt.\\%; the investigated polymer solutions cannot be considered as dilute polymer solutions. Additionally the effect of Weber number on atomization was investigated by studying two Weber numbers for each case. The threshold Weber number beyond which the sheet breaks is observed to vary with the gellant concentration and the Weber numbers tested here were beyond the threshold for sheet breakup in each case. The gellant concentration as well as the Weber number have an influence on the structure of the disintegrating sheet as well as the liquid fragments and corresponding droplets. Among the two, the gellant concetration is found to have a much stronger impact in comparison to the Weber number.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In general, sheet breakup may occur via one of the several possible mechanisms among which the breakup due to Kelvin Helmholtz instability of the sheet is the most commonly reported scenario in previous studies. In results presented here, the parameter combinations (gellant concentration \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Weber number) lead to two distinct types of sheet breakup which are referred to as wave and perforation types respectively. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two breakup types emerge as a result of different mechanisms such that a mix of the two is also possible and is seen for the highest gellant concentration, 0.30 wt.\\%. Wave type breakup is identified to result from a feedback interaction between the impingement point and a rupture front initiated at the interface between the sheet and its rim directly above the impingement point. The front travels along the periphery of the sheet from both sides and results in shedding of a large fluid fragment when the two sections of the front on either sides of the sheet meet below the impingement point. The process is periodic resulting in a characteristic periodic shedding. Waves are generated at the impingement point as the rupture front and impingement point interact. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The perforation type breakup is identified to result from thickness variations within the sheet due to internal dynamics of the non-Newtonian fluid which become prominent for the higher gellant concentrations, 0.20 wt.\\% and 0.30 wt.\\%. The periphery of the sheet is lined by perforations that disintegrate into ligaments. The size of perforations and corresponding ligaments are shown to have a similar monotonously increasing trend with the angular location with respect to the impinging point on the sheet suggesting a direct relation of perforation size and ligament thickness to local sheet thickness. The perforation type is characterized by continuous sheet breakup and features a rim-less sheet as a result of the perforations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Simultaneous occurrence of the two breakup types noted at the highest gellant concentration, 0.30 wt.\\% leads to sheet breakup due to perforations and the merging of rupture fronts.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sheet breakup mechanism is found to be unaffected by Weber number changes within the parameter combinations tested. The frequency of periodic shedding of liquid fragments increases in the wave type breakup on increasing Weber number; simultaneously, the sheet breaks faster resulting in a shorted breakup length. The density of perforations increases with increase in Weber number for perforation type breakup.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The size distributions of droplets generated were studied as a function of angle as a means to understand droplet formation mechanisms. It is found that both, the mean and the span of droplet size distribution, varies with angle for both sheet breakup types. The mean increase with theta, an effect primarily related to the increasing sheet thickness. The span, too was found to increase with angle indicating a larger variation in the breakup dynamics with increasing angle. For each case, the mean droplet size decreases with increase in We; while that span shows a minor decrease.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For cases where the wave mechanism with rupture front\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 impingement point feedback mechanism is active, the distribution starts as a unimodal distribution at low angles and gradually becomes bimodal, strongly indicating a shift in droplet generation mechanisms. While when perforation type is the primary mechanism, the droplet size distribution maintains a unimodal structure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sheet and ligament dynamics are analysed further to identify droplet formation mechanisms and connect the same to the droplet size distributions and, consequently, to reveal the effect of gellant concentration (specifically non-Newtonian fluid characteristics) and weber number variation on atomization.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the case of wave mechanism with feedback, multiple ligament disintegration mechanisms are identified as: (a) capillary thinning assisted fast breakup of spherically expanding ligaments into a multitude of droplets, (b) breakup of ligaments formed within the sheet, (c) direct pinch-off of droplets from the sheet, (d) progressive disintegration of the rim ligament while still attached to sheet, and (e) disintegration of isolated ligaments after separation from main sheet. The two latter mechanisms result in relatively larger droplets and become active only at larger angles \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  therefore explaining the emergence of bimodal structure of droplet size distribution.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When perforation type breakup is the primary mode of breakup, the ligaments that emerge from the disintegration of perforation are identified as the primary source of droplets. Distinct mechanisms for droplet formation include: (a) separation of ligaments directly from the edge of perforations, (b) merging of ligaments in adjacent perforations before subsequent disintegration (c) suppression of capillary thinning and break up in long ligaments formed at larger angles, $\\theta$, on account of internal elastic forces resulting in the formation of similarly-sized droplets instead of drops with large size variation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Non-Newtonian effects \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  longer ligaments, suppression of small droplets, preference for fewer similarly-sized droplets instead of unequally sized droplet, corresponding pinch-off of dumbbell-shared liquid fragments, and retraction due to internal forces \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  is observed more prominently for the 0.30 wt.\\% case. Long radially-expanding interconnected ligaments, in particular result in the characteristic web-like structure of the disintegrating sheet found most prominently in the 0.30 wt.\\% case. In particular, in high gellant concentration cases, rapid disintegration into droplets is observed to occur for small, thin ligaments formed at low theta, while ligaments formed at higher angles resist disintegration for much longer time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally the ligament fragmentation dynamics is quantitatively tested against the fragmentation predictions proposed by Villermaux et al. And Villermaux and Marmottant to further elucidate the effects of non-Newtonian fluid dynamics in the process of atomization. It is found that the surface roughness of ligaments is largely similar regardless of the gellant concentration due to the rich variety of ligament formation dynamics in all cases. However, the variation in ligament roughness across the spray is much larger than previously reported for Newtonian fluids. While the prediction of the peak in the distribution of children droplet sizes is well-captured in all cases, the actual distribution is characteristically narrower for all gels than the prediction \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  an effect identified to result from the elastic internal forces within ligaments which act simultaneously with surface tension such that the formation of very small droplets is suppressed and the fragmentation into similar sized drops is the preferred mode of disintegration in the tested non-Newtonian fluids. The observation is elucidated through the discussion on the time evolution of ligaments till breakup.}}