{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:620;h:199]=C:/Users/finch-user/Documents/Scrivener/manuscripts/sheetbreakup2025.scriv/images/roidefinition.png\}}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Figure !fig(ROIdefinition): Division of the spray field into regions-of-interest (ROIs) for the discussion on droplet size distribution. (INCLUDE THETA DEFINITION HERE; ALTERNATIVELY IN A SHEET SCHEMATIC LIKE IN HASSON AND \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85)<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We will investigate the sheet breakup in more detail by analyzing the droplets that are formed, specifically the droplet size distribution for various cases. Droplet size distribution is expected to reflect the sheet breakup mechanism. Since sheet thickness and breakup mechanism shows a strong dependence on the angle, we identify different regions in the spray to analyze droplet size distribution. Figure #fig(ROIdefinition) shows the regions of interest (ROIs) that were chosen to analyze droplet size distribution. ROIs are labeled 1\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 7 in the order of increasing angle. The width of the ROIs is chosen such that droplets are not repeated in subsequent frames.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:617;h:325]=C:/Users/finch-user/Documents/Scrivener/manuscripts/sheetbreakup2025.scriv/images/dropletsizescatter_we2.png\}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 \{$SCRImageLink[w:667;h:455]=C:/Users/finch-user/Documents/Scrivener/manuscripts/sheetbreakup2025.scriv/images/dropletsizestatistics_we2.png\}}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Figure !fig(dropletsizedistribution): Droplet size distribution for (B) 0.10 wt.% (We=?), (C) 0.20 wt.% (We=?), (D) 0.30 wt.% (We=?) cases for the different ROIs<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Droplet size distributions and corresponding variations with gellant concentration and ROIs 1\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 7 for the higher Weber number cases are shown in Fig. #fig(dropletsizedistribution). The top panels show individual size measurements and the bottom panels show the corresponding probability density function. The average (D32) droplet size and the span (D10 and D90) are marked for each case. It is a common feature for all cases that the average (D32) droplet size increases with increasing angle. The span (D10-D90) of droplet size distribution increases as well with the angle, $\\theta$. These trends are the most prominent common feature among the investigated cases. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is clear from the density functions (Fig. #fig(dropletsizedistribution) bottom panels) that the change in density functions with respect to the angle, $\\theta$, is different for the different cases studied. In the case of purely wave type breakup (0.10 wt.%), the density function undergoes transformation from mono-modal statistics to bimodal distribution suggesting a fundamental shift in the mechanism of droplet formation. The second peak gradually emerges at larger droplet sizes around 600 micro-meter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In contrast, for the 0.20 wt.% case, the density function maintains the mono-modal shape for ROIs 1\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 7. The peak becomes progressively less pronounced with increasing angle as the span of the distribution increases as reflected in the increasing span. The mean droplet size monotonously increases with $\\theta$.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The third case, 0.30 wt.% gellant concentration, was identified as a combination of wave and perforation types sheet breakup and the same is reflected in the density function. For ROIs 1\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 3, the density function is observed to be mono-modal but a gradual emergence of a second peak is seen in ROIs 4\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 7. The second peak emerges at around 500 micro-meter \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  smaller in comparison to the 0.10 wt.% case, an effect of the much higher Weber number required for sheet breakup in the 0.30 wt.% case.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:391;h:336]=C:/Users/finch-user/Documents/Scrivener/manuscripts/sheetbreakup2025.scriv/images/drop-size--span.png\}}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Figure !fig(mean_span_plot): The droplet mean size and span of droplet size distribution.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mean and span of the droplet size are plotted for ROIs 1\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 7 for the different concentrations and Weber numbers tested in Fig. #fig(mean_span_plot). The inferences made in the previous paragraphs are clearly indicated by the plot. In addition, the effect of Weber number can also be noted. As noted previously, the sheet breakup type does not change with the Weber number. In accordance, the nature of the droplet size distribution also does not change. The mean size as well as the span decreases with the Weber number. <Add potential reasons>.}}