{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 [interim paragraph (Fig. Xx \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  combined size distribution)] Combined size distribution for various cases}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 [paragraph 1 (Fig. 3  \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  roi locations)] The droplets forming as a result of sheet breakup will depend upon the breakup mechanism. Moreover, the droplet size will depend on the angle with respect to the sheet. Size chosen such that droplets are not repeated in subsequent frames. Why the given ROIs are chosen}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 (fit distribution functions)}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 [paragraph 2 (Fig. 4 \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  size distribution)] variation with angle for the difference cases (like a spray pattern; individually for each case): narrow at low angles, broader at large angles (add a plot on the span of the distribution?). }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Mean size does not change for water but varies for gel cases}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 . Bimodal distribution for larger angles. Other details as per discussion in the }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "x-scrivener-item://C:/Users/finch-user/Documents/Scrivener/manuscripts/sheetbreakup2025.scriv?id=3A586340-6964-4B55-BF35-24424B96D20B"}{\fldrslt\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Droplet formation mechanisms}}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  section. }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Trying to fit distributions}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 ?}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 [paragraph 3 (Fig. 4 \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3  size distribution)] effect of weber number for a given concentration.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 [paragraph 4 (Fig. 4 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  size distribution; Fig. X \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  overall size distribution)] The effect on overall size distribution. Comparison with water, effect of conc., effect of We}}