{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next we investigate the effect of varying non-Newtonian characteristics of the aqueous gel through more quantitative methods. Vellermaux et al. and Vellermaux and Marmottant proposed a theory of fragmentation predicting the size distribution of droplets emerging from disintegration of fluid fragments \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  referred to as }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 children droplets}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  by Villermaux and Marmottant. The prediction is motivated from the theory of agglomeration and the final result essentially states that given an estimate of ligament size statistics and the statistics of the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 roughness}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of ligaments, the statistics of the size of children droplets may be predicted. The original prediction of Villermaux (equation) was later extended to include variation in ligament size (equation) and will boil down to the original model in case similar size ligaments are generated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The prediction has been shown to work well with water and dilute polymeric solutions \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the latter on the same configuration of impinging jets as investigated here. The study was limited to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 smooth}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  sheets, specifically the ligaments emerging from the edge of smooth sheets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In observations it is clear that a range of ligament sizes are generated due to the different mechanisms described in Sec. ??. The same can be inferred about the ligament thickness variation, or roughness \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  due to the various mechanisms with which that are being generated in the different cases, a ligament roughness is quite varied for all the investigated cases. Comparing such variation in ligament roughness for the cases may not be immediately clear from the image snapshots presently earlier (Figs. #fig(sheetformation), Fig. #(010_droplet_mechanisms)\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 #fig(030_droplet_mechanisms)) but Fig. #fig(n_variation) compares the statistics of the roughness parameter, n, for the investigated cases. For the analysis, only ligaments that have separated from the main sheet and are on their way to secondary breakup and corresponding children droplets were considered. From the figure we find only minor roughness parameter changes as either the gel composition or the Weber number is varied. Changes in the mean value are small, indicating that the prediction of children droplets will be similar for all the investigated cases.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:664;h:349]=C:/Users/finch-user/Documents/Scrivener/manuscripts/sheetbreakup2025.scriv/images/n-variation.png\}}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Figure !fig(n_variation): Statistics of the roughness parameter, n for the investigated gel formulations.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Children droplet size predictions and comparisons for the higher Weber numbers for the three gel formulations studied are presented in Fig. #fig(children_droplet_prediction). For comparison, prediction for pure water atomization is also included. As expected, the prediction for water matches very well with the actual children droplet size distribution. The shape as well as the peak are well-captured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However, the prediction does not work well for the gel formulations. For all the three cases, the actual size distribution is much narrower in comparison to prediction: non-Newtonian, specifically viscoelastic effects as discussed in the previous sections on droplet formation mechanisms are suppressing the formation of very small and very large droplets. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:629;h:219]=C:/Users/finch-user/Documents/Scrivener/manuscripts/sheetbreakup2025.scriv/images/children_droplet_prediction_draft.png\}}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Figure !fig(children_droplet_prediction): Double Gamma prediction of children droplet size distribution compared with the measured size distribution for various cases, including comparison with water at We=220.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Droplets of very small sizes (such as satellite droplets [Bogy]) which would have formed for Newtonian, including viscous Newtonian fluids, due to surface tension would not form as frequently for the non-Newtonian cases if internal elastic forces effectively }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 pull}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the small connected fluid fragments to merge with larger parts. In the larger size, the deviation of prediction from observed data suggests that the breaking of ligaments favors fragmentation into similar-sized droplets even if the shape of the parent ligament was such that unequal droplets would form if left under the sole influence of surface tension. Figure #fig(big_drop_sequence) shows such droplet formation sequences. In a large number of cases, if the original ligament does not feature large thickness variations along its length, internal forces act fast enough to suppress further thinning of necks in the ligament. Such dynamics can also be seen in sequence E in Fig. #fig(020_droplet_mechanisms) and sequence C in Fig. #fig(030_droplet_mechanisms).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>\{$SCRImageLink[w:341;h:104]=C:/Users/finch-user/Documents/Scrivener/manuscripts/sheetbreakup2025.scriv/images/big-drop-sequence.png\}}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Figure !fig(big_drop_sequence): Droplet disintegration sequences characteristic of gel ligaments. The case is 0.30 wt.% gellant concentration at We=17120. A \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  formation of similar-sized drops despite the initial ligament roughness. B \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  suppression of small droplet formation. Frames are not equally-spaced in time.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}