{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 01. Images of cavitation cloud with variation in pressure, amplitude; also perhaps with fresh/used water. Proof of lack of bubble collapse at the walls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:480;h:184]=C:/Users/finch-user/Desktop/work/projects/19205266/images/cavitation_cloud1.jpg\}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Figure !fig(cavitation_cloud_1): Image of the cavitation cloud below the sonicator for 1 bar manifold pressure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An unsteady cloud of bubbles is set up when the ultrasonic horn is activated with manifold pressure in the range 1\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 8 bar (gauge). At xxx um amplitude at \\SI\{20\}\{\\kilo\\hertz\}, the combination falls under \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 []. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - description of the cloud structure}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - description of individual bubble dynamics}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - description of the interaction among bubbles}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - discussion on shielding effects}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - formation of streamers}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Structure: central plume turning away?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Residence time: The manifold diameter is xy time the orifice size and the fluid in the manifold is expected to have a residence time of the order of ?? (ms?) such that nuclei that get activated and participate as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91active\u8217\'92 bubbles, oscillating with the pressure fluctuations, growing due to rectified diffusion, coalescing into larger bubbles and either dissolving in the liquid, growing large enough to buoyantly float upwards, or undergo violent collapse. The latter results in fragmentation and the resulting smaller sized bubbles may reenter the cycle. The residence time of the liquid is sufficient for bubbles to be exposed to at least hundreds of pressure oscillation cycles \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  sufficient for rectified diffusion and growth of micron-sized bubbles in water [] to threshold sizes and subsequent bubble collapse to occur. The tungsten UH tip is visibly damaged suggesting the occurrence of collapse events.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cloud away from the tip: However, the more interesting bubbles in the current investigation are the bubbles that grow and keep oscillating in a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91stable\u8217\'92 oscillation with the pressure fluctuations. These bubbles form the bulk of the cloud seen in Fig. #(cavitation_cloud_1). A range of bubble sizes are present as can be inferred from the presence of local spatial intensity changes within the cloud. Bubble activity is also seen close to the surface of the cavity walls; the snapshot is from line-of-sight imaging with a rather small depth of focus such that clear sections of the cloud are overlapping with blurred out-of-plane sections. Imaging is further complicated by the curvature of the cavity wall. In addition to the cloud \u8216\'91streamers\u8217\'92 [] emanating away from the UH tip are also seen in the image.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unsteady cloud:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Variation with pressure:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Variation with amplitude:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Activating}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - The formation of time-varying bubble cloud \endash  stable cavitation suggesting the range of bubble sizes below the critical radius threshold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Different stages of bubble cloud oscillation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Formation of streamers along the walls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - The evidence of low frequencies in the bubble cloud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Dynamics of the cloud in terms of POD modes \endash  zones of activity, cloud impingement on the plate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bubble activity within a contiguous region, but wisps, cloud\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 02. Expected variation in bubble cloud composition (size) and structure with pressure and power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - The variance of these features as a function of static pressure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - The variance of these features as a function of amplitude.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Estimation of the effect of static pressure on bubble dynamics and comparison with experiments (with amplitude as an additional parameter\line \line The bulk liquid, dissolved gases, and gas/vapor nuclei present}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The gas/vapor-filled [], with size typically in the order of 10\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 100 microns [], also possibly sub-micron nanobubbles [], respond to pressure fluctuations induced by the UH. The oscillation of a single bubble is captured by the theory\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 and the results \u8230\'85}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:500;h:313]=C:/Users/finch-user/Desktop/work/projects/19205266/images/bubble-pathways.gif\}}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bubble}}