{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Code;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cascadia Code;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red216\green116\blue51;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 1. Moussatov et al. 2003, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cone-like bubble formation in ultrasonic cavitation field\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Self-organization of bubbles within a bubble cloud in a cone-like macro structure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Bubble motion under the effect of attractive and repulsive Bjerknes forces \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the average force applied by perioidic sound pressure field \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  and non-linear oscillations of cavitation bubbles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 - Says this is new phenomenon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 - bubbles are capable of self-organization into macrostructures such as streamers (Leighton, 1994) and acoustic Lichtenberg figures (Mettin et al., 1999)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 - The formation of streamers and bubble clouds for a varying intensity of about 2 till 8 watt per centimeter square.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 - Turbulence in the fluid makes it difficult to identify the conical bubble structure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 - The conical structure of the bubble cloud is explained via the primary and secondary Bjerknes forces and their variation with pressure amplitude within the water sample below the sonotrode.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 - The conical bubble structure possibly a superposition of several acoustic Lichtenberg structures below the sonotrode.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 2. Sunartio et al., 2007\line - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{To guide us through the discussion, it is useful to keep in mind Scheme 1, which depicts the fate of individual bubbles in liquids under ultrasonic irradiation. While the full discussion of this scheme has been given in detail elsewhere,}{\f0\fs20\super 25}{ the salient features are summarized as follows. As ultrasonic waves pass through a liquid medium, bubble nuclei present in the liquid can grow at the antinodes via rectified diffusion or coalesce with one another to form a larger bubble. Upon coalescence, if the resulting bubble is larger than the resonance size, it will be pushed toward the nodes by primary Bjerknes forces,}{\f0\fs20\super  }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:void(0);"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs20\super 2}}{\f0\fs20\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 6}{ hence becoming \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93inactive\u8221\'94. These bubbles may eventually float out of the liquid due to buoyancy once the acoustic field is turned off. It is this population of \u8220\'93inactive\u8221\'94 bubbles in the nodes that are measured by the \u916\'3F}{\f0\fs20\i1 V}{\f0\fs20\sub T}{ values. On the other hand, if the resulting bubble is still smaller than the resonance size, it can continue to grow via rectified diffusion to reach the resonance size and then collapse violently.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {- \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An acoustic bubble in a multibubble field has a finite lifetime, as a consequence of bubble\u8722\'2Dbubble coalescence processes and rectified growth, which is shorter for higher applied acoustic frequency. It is estimated that these bubbles undergo no more than 50\u8722\'2D200 oscillations in their lifetime for applied frequencies in the range of 200 kHz to 1 MHz.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 3. Kozmus et al. 2022, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Characterization of cavitation under ultrasonic horn tip \endash  Proposition of an acoustic cavitation parameter\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  discussion on acoustic cavitation cloud dynamics for varying ambient (static) pressure, horn amplitude, tip geometry. Cavitation cloud area increases with amplitude. Bubble cloud has a low frequency content which increases with static pressure but decreases with amplitude. The bubble cloud is larger for larger tip sizes, are has a smaller cloud oscillation frequency \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  indicating an effect of time required for clouds to collapse, which is expected to be larger for larger clouds and therefore the characteristic cloud oscillation frequency is smaller. Utilized the acoustic cavitation number proposed by Dular and Petkovsek, 2019 and proposed another cavitation number that depends on the UH power and tip area.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 - Finally the area of cavitation cloud is identified to be linearly related to a parameter \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u968\'3F such that A->0 for }{\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u968\'3F->\u968\'3F\u8320\'30 (the threshold for cavitation). The correlation seems to explain even varying concentrations of salt.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0}