{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-BoldItalic;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f7\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f8\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red108\green87\blue101;\red160\green54\blue91;\red170\green64\blue101;\red210\green126\blue37;\red145\green145\blue145;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9642\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-2107\li3035\lin3035}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-2107\li3035\lin3035}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-2107\li6068\lin6068}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-889\li2560\lin2560}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-889\li3840\lin3840}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs58\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>APA PAPER TEMPLATE<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa480\sl216\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0\cf5 About This Template<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 This template is designed to produce a paper that adheres to the APA (American Psychological Association) seventh edition format. However, you should check the exact guidelines of the institution to which you are submitting your paper, as there can be slight variations in expectations.<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs34\b0\i0\cf6 How To Use This Template<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Unless otherwise stated, you do not need to worry about the font and formatting you use to write your paper in Scrivener\hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3 the required formatting will be applied to the printed or exported document during compile.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Likewise, the titles for each section will be added during compile, so you only need to write the text for each section\hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3 do not type out any titles in the editor.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Fill out the appropriate \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Title Page\u8221\'94 document in the \u8220\'93Front Matter\u8221\'94 folder. The title and author name will be taken from metadata you set up in }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>File > Compile\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  but other details such as your institutional affiliations should be typed directly in the title page.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 If your paper requires an abstract, write its text in the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Abstract\u8221\'94 document. If you do not need an abstract, either delete this document or exclude it from compile be deselecting its checkbox in the contents list in }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>File > Compile\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  or in the metadata tab of the inspector.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Write your introduction in the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Introduction\u8221\'94 document.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Compose the main body of your paper in text documents inside the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Main Content\u8221\'94 folder. When compiled, the style of heading used for documents inside the \u8220\'93Main Content\u8221\'94 folder will be determined by their indentation. As per the APA 7th edition specifications:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx960\tx1440\li1440\fi-500\sa80\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Documents indented one level inside the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Main Content\u8221\'94 folder (\u8220\'93Method\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93Results\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93Discussion\u8221\'94) will be treated as Level 1 APA sections, with bold and centred titles.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Documents indented two levels deep in the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Main Content\u8221\'94 folder (\u8220\'93Participants\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93Research Design\u8221\'94, and so on) will be treated as Level 2 APA sections, with bold and left-aligned titles.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Documents indented three levels deep in the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Main Content\u8221\'94 folder will be treated as Level 3 APA sections and their titles will be bold, left-aligned, and italicised.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u9642 	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 APA Level 4 and Level 5 headings will be bold, end with a period, and be inserted at the start of the text rather than on their own line. Level 5 headings will also be italicised.\line }{\f5\fs24\b1\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>\line Note:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  the documents provided inside the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Main Content\u8221\'94 folder are just by way of example and can be deleted, renamed, or moved as necessary.<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Indent block quotes or other special passages using styles. For instance, to add a block quote, choose \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Block Quote\u8221\'94 from the }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>Format > Style<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  menu (or from the styles button in the format bar). The required APA formatting will be applied to block quotes during compile.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 For specially-formatted passages you can also use the exact formatting you require and enclose them in a \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Preserve Formatting\u8221\'94 block. This tells Scrivener not to override or change the formatting for such passages during Compile. To do so, select the passage and go to }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>Format > Preserve Formatting<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 . All other text (excepting text with styles applied) will have the default APA indentation assigned during the compilation process.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Edit the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93References\u8221\'94 file so that it contains your bibliography, being careful to adhere to APA formatting requirements. (Please note that the sample text in the \u8220\'93References\u8221\'94 file is provided only as a rough example and }{\f6\fs24\b0\i1 not}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  as an exemplar. Do not use it as the basis for your own references\hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3 instead, refer to the APA formatting guidelines online or as provided by your institution.)}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 This template includes a \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Footnotes\u8221\'94 document which will be used to hold any footnotes you have created in the main body of the text. If you have not created any footnotes, or if you require end-of-page footnotes, you should either delete this document or deselect its \u8220\'93Include in Compile\u8221\'94 setting in the inspector or compile dialog.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Create as many appendix documents as you require inside the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Appendices\u8221\'94 folder. By default, documents created in this folder will use the \u8220\'93Appendix\u8221\'94 section type, because the folder\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93Default Subdocument Type\u8221\'94 (under Section Type in the metadata tab of the inspector) is set to \u8220\'93Appendix\u8221\'94,  allowing these documents to use a different layout when compiled. The title of each appendix document can optionally be used as the appendix\u8217\'92s sub-heading during compile.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs34\b0\i0\cf6 Tables and Figures}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 If you need to use tables or figures in your manuscript, you can label them using the following tags, replacing \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93KEYWORD\u8221\'94 with a unique word that identifies your table or figure.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 !fig(KEYWORD)}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 !table(KEYWORD)}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 These tags will be replaced with numbers in the compiled document, with the numbering stream for figures being separate from the numbering stream for tables.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 You can refer to such tags as follows:}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 #fig(KEYWORD)}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 #table(KEYWORD)}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Here\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s an example:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx270\tx540\tx810\tx1080\tx1350\tx1620\tx2160\tx2700\tx3240\li360\sa60\ltrch\loch {\f7\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::7>Table !table(sales): Sales 2011}
\par\plain {\f7\fs24\b0\i0 Table !table(dates): Shipment dates}
\par\plain {\f7\fs24\b0\i0 Figure !fig(skeleton): The skeleton of the gnu.}
\par\plain {\f7\fs24\b0\i0 Figure !fig(malcolmreynolds): The second coolest character in }{\f8\fs24\b0\i1 Firefly}{\f7\fs24\b0\i0 .<!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx270\tx540\tx810\tx1080\tx1350\tx1620\tx2160\tx2700\tx3240\li360\sa60\ltrch\loch \f7\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx270\tx540\tx810\tx1080\tx1350\tx1620\tx2160\tx2700\tx3240\li360\sa60\ltrch\loch {\f7\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2>\loch\af7\hich\af7\dbch\af7\uc1\u8230\'85 (For sales figures, see table #table(sales))\u8230\'85 For shipment dates, see table #table(dates)\u8230\'85 where he discovered the skeleton of a gnarled gnu (see figure #fig(skeleton))\u8230\'85 }{\f8\fs24\b0\i1 Chronicles}{\f7\fs24\b0\i0  providing a similar role, albeit without the }{\f8\fs24\b0\i1 Castle}{\f7\fs24\b0\i0  actor (see figure #fig(malcolmreynolds)).}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 In the compiled document, the above text would look like this:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx270\tx540\tx810\tx1080\tx1350\tx1620\tx2160\tx2700\tx3240\li360\sa60\ltrch\loch {\f7\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::7>Table 1: Sales 2011}
\par\plain {\f7\fs24\b0\i0 Table 2: Shipment dates}
\par\plain {\f7\fs24\b0\i0 Figure 1: The skeleton of the gnu.}
\par\plain {\f7\fs24\b0\i0 Figure 2: The second coolest character in }{\f8\fs24\b0\i1 Firefly}{\f7\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f7\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f7\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af7\hich\af7\dbch\af7\uc1\u8230\'85 (For sales figures, see table 1)\u8230\'85 For shipment dates, see table 2\u8230\'85 where he discovered the skeleton of a gnarled gnu (see figure 1)\u8230\'85 }{\f8\fs24\b0\i1 Chronicles}{\f7\fs24\b0\i0  providing a similar role, albeit without the }{\f8\fs24\b0\i1 Castle}{\f7\fs24\b0\i0  actor (see figure 2).<!$Scr_Ps::7><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 To preserve the correct indentation and spacing in the compiled document, apply the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Figure\u8221\'94 style (}{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>Format > Style > Figure<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 ) to inserted images (or the placeholder text used to insert them during compile) and the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Figure Text\u8221\'94 style to figure and table labels, titles, and notes. You should format the labels in bold and the titles in italics; notes should be prefaced at the start of the line with an italicized \u8220\'93}{\f6\fs24\b0\i1 Note.}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs34\b0\i0\cf6 Compiling<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Go to }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>File > Compile\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Select Print, PDF, or a rich-text file format from the dropdown menu at the top of the dialog and chose either \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93APA Format (Student)\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93APA Format (Professional)\u8221\'94 in the \u8220\'93Formats\u8221\'94 sidebar.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 3.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The first time you compile your paper, you will need to do a little set-up:<!$Scr_Ps::8><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx960\tx1440\li1440\fi-500\sa80\ql\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl1{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Ensure that \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Add Front Matter\u8221\'94 in the rightmost section below the compile content list is ticked and that the proper title page is selected (by default, the Title Page (Student) should be selected when using the APA Format (Student) compile format and Title Page (Professional) when using the APA Format (Professional) format).}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Click on the tag icon in the the rightmost header bar of the compile dialog to open the metadata tab.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 3.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Fill in the title, abbreviated title and author information. The title will be used on the title page and at the beginning of the body text. The abbreviated title will be used in page headers of the APA Format (Professional) compile format.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 4.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Compile is set to use Times New Roman by default. If you require a different font, set the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Font\u8221\'94 at the top of the \u8220\'93Section Layouts\u8221\'94 pane.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 5.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 If you would rather your appendices did not have sub-headings, click on \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Assign Section Layouts\u8221\'94 at the bottom-centre of the compile dialog and choose \u8220\'93Appendix\u8221\'94 for the \u8220\'93Appendix\u8221\'94 section type rather than \u8220\'93Appendix with Sub-Heading\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 6.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 If you have only one appendix, click on \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Assign Section Layouts\u8221\'94 and choose one of the \u8220\'93Single Appendix\u8221\'94 options for the Appendix section type.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 7.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 If you need end-of-page footnotes:}
\par\pard\plain \tx960\tx1440\li2189\fi-500\sa80\ql\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl2{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Be sure the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Footnotes\u8221\'94 document is not included in the compile contents list (deselect its checkbox if you have not deleted the document).}
\par\plain \ilvl2{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Click the gear icon in the rightmost header bar to view the compile options and deselect both \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Export footnotes as endnotes\u8221\'94 options.}
\par\plain \ilvl2{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 3.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 If you are compiling to a file format such as RTF or DOCX for use with a word processor that supports true footnotes, double-click your chosen APA Format compile format to edit it and click on \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Compatibility\u8221\'94 at the bottom of the list in the left sidebar. (If this is not visible, click into the dropdown menu at the top of the sidebar and choose RTF.) Deselect \u8220\'93Flatten footnotes and comments into regular text\u8221\'94 and click Save.<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 4.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Click on \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Compile\u8221\'94 when everything is set up as you want.<!$Scr_Ps::8><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs34\b0\i0\cf6 Sample Documents<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Example Student Paper\u8221\'94 PDF file in the Research folder shows how the essay will look when compiled using the APA Format (Student) compile format and the \u8220\'93Example Professional Paper\u8221\'94 demonstrates the APA Format (Professional) compile format.<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs34\b0\i0\cf6 Final Note<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Scrivener project templates are flexible and are not intended to restrict you to a particular workflow. You can change, delete or move the files and folders contained in the template to suit how you work.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Like all templates in Scrivener, this project was originally created from the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Blank\u8221\'94 template. Everything you can do with this project, you could equally do by creating a \u8220\'93Blank\u8221\'94 project and setting it up yourself.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 You can create your own templates by setting up a skeletal project with the files, folders and settings you would like to use for new projects and using }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>File > Save As Template\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::2>}}