{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The droplet distributions carry information on the sheet and ligament disintegration mechanisms. The 0.10 wt.% features a single peak for ROIs 1\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 3 (<insert theta range> Fig. #fig(dropletsizedistribution)) and a second peak for ROIs 4\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 7 (<insert theta range>) which becomes gradually more pronounced with increasing ROI index. Accordingly, it is expected that at angles till ???, droplets are formed primarily via a single mechanism, while at larger angles, at least one additional mechanism becomes gradually more pronounced.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fig. #fig(010_droplet_mechanisms) presents various distinct disintegration mechanisms via which droplets are generated for the 0.10 wt.% case. Each mechanism is shown via a sequence of 3 to 4 instantaneous snapshots and is labeled A\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 E. The snapshots are taken from different sections of the disintegrating sheet and are separated in time by 1/frames per second. Droplets generated from sequence B\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 E are captured by one of the seven ROIs. Sequence A shows the mechanism of droplet generation at theta \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 which is not captured by the ROIs discussed in the previous section. A thin spherically-expanding filament is formed due to the moving rupture front initiated at theta 0 close to the rim as discussed earlier in Sec. ??. The filament resists breakup for one time step during which time it is observed to develop thickness variations due to capillary thinning and spontaneously breaks into a multitude of small droplets at the third time step. In this region of the sheet, such capillary thinning and breakup is the only mechanism observed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sequence B shows the formation of small droplets (B-3) from direct sheet disintegration when the advancing rupture front meets one or more internal sheet perforations (seen in B-1 and B-2). The ligament that is formed when the rupture front and perforations meet is thin (B-2) and is observed to break into a few small droplets as a consequence of capillary thinning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A majority of droplets are formed due to the disintegrating rim that separates from the main sheet with the advancing rupture front. The rim thickness increases with theta and it breaks in stages \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the first stage was already identified in sequence A where the thinnest section of the rim breaks spontaneously. The remaining section of the rim develops capillary instability and breaks into smaller fragments; thinner section of the rim (i.e. sections at lower angle }{\f1\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u952\'3F}{\f0\fs24\i0  break-off first}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Disintegration is promoted at thinner section of the rim in case the rim ligament was roughened (thickness variations introduced within ligament) already by the motion of the rupture front as seen in C-1 and C-2. Progressively larger fragments separate from the rim ligament at later stages as thickness increases with }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u952\'3F}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (increasing ligament thickness is seen in C-1 and C-2 and also in other sequences). The larger fragments contribute to the second peak in the droplet size distribution and become increasingly prominent with increasing }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u952\'3F}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  therefore, also when moving from ROI 4\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 7 (Fig. #fig(dropletsizedistribution)).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once the two rupture fronts advancing from either sides of the sheet meet, the rim separates entirely from the sheet (sequence D). Subsequently, this long separated rim undergoes slow elongation as it is still expanding radially. Relatively much larger droplets are formed in comparison to previous sequences when they pinch-off from the thinner end of the separated rim (D-4).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Direct pinch-off from the sheet also results in the formation of droplets as seen in sequence E. Droplets formed due to direct pinch-off assume a range of sizes; the droplet seen in E-3 is of a similar size as droplets created in sequence D.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A combination of these breakup mechanisms leads to the droplet size distribution as in Fig. #fig(dropletsizedistribution), with prominently smaller droplets generated as in sequences B, C, E, and with some contribution from A; and large droplets generated from mechanisms identified in sequences C and D. It is clear that droplets formed in sequences C and D will contribute to ROIs 4\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 7 as reflected in the transition from mono-modal to bi-modal size distribution (Fig. #fig(dropletsizedistribution)).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:605;h:221]=C:/Users/finch-user/Documents/Scrivener/manuscripts/sheetbreakup2025.scriv/images/compilation_010_We2.png\}}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Figure !fig(010_droplet_mechanisms): Mechanisms for droplet formation for the case 0.10 wt. %, We = ; In snapshot sequence D, the region is moved to keep the disintegrating ligament in view.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The perforation mechanism dominated 0.20 wt.% case and the droplet size distribution was a unimodal distribution throughout, for all ROIs. The mean droplet size and the span of droplet size distribution increased with increasing angle, $\\theta$ \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  same as the trend observed for maximum perforation size and sheet thickness as shown in Fig. #fig(perforation-ligament-size). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is thus inferred that the sheet breakup occurs via similar mechanisms from different parts and the difference in droplet size distribution is entirely due to the theta variation of sheet thickness. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Figure #fig(o20_droplet_mechanisms) presents the droplet formation mechanisms identified in the perforation-induced breakup. Sequence A shows the direct breakup from the perforation. Thickness variations in fluid fragments that constitute perforations formed at the edge of the sheet as noted in frame A-1 evolve under the action of surface tension into spherical fragments still connected to the sheet via thin filaments as seen in frame A-2. As seen in frame A-3, the droplet subsequently detaches; much smaller satellite drops are formed from the breakup of thin connecting filaments.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Multiple perforations that formed at the edge are closely connected and may combine before separating from the main sheet as seen in sequence B. Two perforations are seen to combine in frames B-1 and B-2. They subsequently separate and result in relatively large fragments (B-3 and B-4). These fragments may undergo secondary atomization as they are relatively large and non-circular as a result of the separation process.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If the fragments are thin and elongated, rapid disintegration may take place into spherical droplets as seen in sequence C. The outer section of a perforation broke off from the main sheet in C-1. The sheet is relatively thin as per the location and the corresponding ligament that separates is thin as well (C-2). In the third step, C-3, the ligament has broken down into 4 spherical droplets. This is in contrast to larger fragments (see B-3 and B-4), which are able to maintain their shape for several time steps without further disintegration. However, the thickness variation along a filament is crucial for the determination of final droplet sizes as elaborated further with sequences D and E.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thickness variations of a ligament that separates from the main sheet via perforations seen in D-1 and D-2 does not undergo subsequent breakup. Instead it is observed to retract despite the presence of thickness variations \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  indicating the suppression of capillary breakup due to internal elastic forces.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In sequence E, which corresponds to a section around }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u952\'3F}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 =145\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u176\'B0, a long sheet-attached ligament is observed to resist fragmentation and maintain its shape for at least three time steps before disintegrating into droplets (in contrast to the ligament in sequence C which breaks within a single time step). Retracting fluid sections can be seen even in this case in C-3 and C-4 (the dumbell shaped fragment at the top end of the ligament). The top end of the filament in E-3 may be expected to form two droplets as per thickness variation. However, the end breaks into a dumbell-shaped fragment (C-4) which retracts subsequently into a single large droplet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thus for 0.20 wt.% gel, the mechanisms of droplet formation originate as perforations on the edge of the sheet and are rather similar. The effects of non-Newtonian nature of the fluid are seen to manifest in the form of distinct evolution of fragments. It is expected that for 0.30 wt.% we expect more prominent manifestations of non-Newtonian properties in the process of droplet formation. These qualitative descriptions will be explored further in the next section through more quantitative means.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:663;h:225]=C:/Users/finch-user/Documents/Scrivener/manuscripts/sheetbreakup2025.scriv/images/compiled__020_We1.png\}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Figure !fig(020_droplet_mechanisms): Mechanisms for droplet formation for the 0.20 wt.% case, We = ; In snapshot sequence E, the region is moved horizontally to keep the disintegrating ligament in view. Sequences A\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 D are scaled (2x) snapshots when compared to the sheet breakup images, Fig. #fig(sheetformation). Frames are translated along the fluid fragments horizontally in sequences A and E.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Fig. #fig(030_droplet_mechanisms), distinct breakup scenarios for the 0.30 wt.% gellant case are presented. As discussed earlier, this case features a combination of wave and perforation type breakups \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the same was found to be reflected in the droplet size distribution as discussed in the previous section. Droplets formed for smaller angles (corresponding to ROIs 1\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 3) are formed primarily due to the two-stage disintegration of rim ligaments. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sequence A shows the second stages of rim ligament disintegration similar to the mechanism identified in the wave-induced (0.10 wt.%) case. Pinch-off from the ends of ligaments (A-2) forming dumbell-shaped fragments, and the evolution of thickness variations on the ligament into relatively larger fragments that separate (A-3) can be observed. The relatively larger droplets formed will appear in the droplet size distributions for larger theta (ROIs 4\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 7). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first stage of rim ligament breakup at low angles is shown captured in sequence B. The spherically expanding ligament formed when the sheet rupture appears at 0 degrees (B-1) gradually thins (B-2, B-3) and eventually breaks into fragments. Note that in comparison to the 0.10 wt.% case, the fragments formed are still elongated (B-3) and require additional time for transformation to spherical droplets. The same is additionally seen in sequence C which shows long, rough, sheet-attached ligaments that break into fragments at points where the ligament is the thinnest, but without forming spherical droplets. The breakup is promoted by continued radially expansion of the ligaments. The multiple ligaments tracked in sequence C were formed due to a combination of internal perforations and the advancing rupture front.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Small droplets are also formed directly from ligaments associated with internal perforations as seen in sequence D. As perforations are internal, the associated ligaments are thin and therefore result in the formation of small droplets (D-2).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At 0.30 wt.% liquid fragments \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  thin filaments, ligaments, other aspherical fragments \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  are observed to resist disintegration or shape changes much more prominently than the previous two (lower) concentrations presented. A striking example is the evolution of the significantly longer rim-ligaments as seen in sequence E. As the rupture front advances, a rim ligament separates from the main sheet (marked via an arrow in E-1). The ligament is observed to continue elongating due to radial expansion and increasing in length due to the advancing rupture front in E-2 till E-5. During this time, small fragments with a characteristic dumbbell shape pinch-off from the free end (E-3 and E-4). While most of the characteristically thin ligament is still resists disintegration despite the presence of prominent thickness variation within the ligament. Finally, in E-5, signs of disintegration at the thinnest sections of the ligament can be identified. Even after disintegration, the fragments resist shape changes that are expected due to surface tension. This is seen towards the right end of frame E-3 for instance, where the previous ligaments that disintegrated are still seen as long ligaments instead of more spherical droplets. The same can also be inferred when contrasting frames b and f in Fig. #(sheetformation), wherein Fig. #(sheetformation)f  is seen to have a larger fraction of long and short ligaments separated from the main sheet, while the ligaments in Fig. #(sheetformation)b are all either attached to the main sheet or to the fluid fragment that sheds from the main sheet. Other sections that break-off from the sheet transform very quickly to spherical or nearly spherical droplets of a range of sizes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:680;h:222]=C:/Users/finch-user/Documents/Scrivener/manuscripts/sheetbreakup2025.scriv/images/compiled__030_We1.png\}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Figure !fig(030_droplet_mechanisms): Mechanisms for droplet formation for the 0.30 wt.% case, We = ; In snapshot sequence A and E, the region is moved horizontally (with respect to the originally displayed orientation to keep the disintegrating ligaments in view. The frames in sequence E are presented after a counter-clockwise rotation of the cropped images.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}